I don't know what happened I don't know
what this I heard you know like your
outfit looks so stupid I think I got
like a corduroy karate kid' look at his
start a thing you know this is
ridiculous it was an idea when haywire
but we're here well I'm sorry I'm sure
it's CGI and fix it
are you doing now is everything that
movies great that movie you wrote and
star in it is a fantastic movie
thank you you like it I assume I do I
like it came out the way you hoped it
would it did better than I hoped it
would it is about your life
you play your dad your character largely
based on your dad and then there are
actors who do a great job playing a
young version of you incredible yeah and
you wrote this movie while in
court-ordered rehab yes sir yeah which
is did you say hey I got this time I'm
gonna be in here I'm gonna do this was
this something you set out to do well
they said you have PTSD you got to start
writing this is how you get to the
solution the only way out is through so
I started writing all these dark
chapters you know of my life and it
wound up being this this script form
thing sent it to my friend became a
movie yeah amazing yeah is it true that
you now keep in touch with the police
officer who arrested you officer Bryant
he invited me go fishing yesterday yes
yes yeah that's very interesting I
imagine that when that incident occurred
you didn't think he'd be a fishing buddy
at all
you know life you know yeah it takes
interesting turns interesting turns what
kind of fishing where you was he asking
you to do we were crabbing down there so
would probably be taking me crab minute
oh wow
and you couldn't go cuz you're doing
this right is it true that you at one
time while you're in rehab or thinking
about joining the Peace Corps you well
yeah before I wasn't planning on making
a movie I was uh yeah before I thought
the actor thing was over and then I
signed up to go to the Peace Corps and
actually signed up yeah and then went
into this rehab facility was there for
two months had written this thing plans
changed so when I got out I wasn't into
the Peace Corps no more so we had a
little conversation about it they were
very peaceful about it they didn't
threaten the suit no very very calm
listen I'm not going to come that's okay
[Laughter]
the Marine Corps where once you sign up
you're in doesn't matter one now this
movie is is very moving and and really
troubling in a lot of ways because you
had a really tough childhood if people
saw you as a kid actors even Stevens and
that's up but boy the life you're living
was certainly not glamorous and it makes
me wonder how your dad felt about you
playing him did you tell him beforehand
my dad's a pretty off-color character he
wasn't like too enthused about me
playing him you know I don't know how
you are with your dad or how you guys
are with your dad but my dad wasn't
trying to have me play him so I lied to
him and told him that Mel Gibson would
be playing at home and I broke to my
sent the pictures I said listen it's not
like that
that's your story and has your father
seen the movie yet yes he has and how
did he take it
oh well I didn't ask him
I watched him watch it on webcam oh he
did yeah and you know you were watching
yeah yeah I told him listen you know I
don't want to hear your review I just
want to watch you watch it so I sat and
watched him watch on you know he's big
on Facebook he has all these robot
friends all these Russian friends so he
does the face cam let me just watch you
watch it man and Wow really emotional
yeah I would imagine so III was watching
it I was thinking about you know things
from my life and as a father there are
certainly things you were regret yeah
and I don't know how I don't know how
I'd come out of watching that movie I
really don't well it depends on how your
kids view you I'm I love my dad you know
and yeah that's the interest one of the
very interesting things about the movie
is your dad really didn't behave like a
father at all yeah he's my dude you
could say he was like a buddy
yeah but not in a group well not the
best not in a good way
yeah not a bad title if there's a sequel
Shia LaBeouf is here his movies Holly
washi busy why does she have a job
think it through play the tape out
what's your mother got a job for it huh
just in case what
in case what I think case you failed in
case you don't work out yes man she's
filling your head full of beer I don't
never do that do I
huh a pump you full of strength cuz
we're on team and I know you got what it
takes you're starving I know it that's
why I'm here I'm your cheerleader honey
boy you trust me that's all about
kid playing you wasn't weird to have a
kid play you super weird yeah yeah and
he was a great actor so like there be
you know it's my life and he'd be
stealing scenes because he's so good and
I just be feeling jealous about this
little kid thank you
did he give him tips on how to how to be
you well he was he was better than me
but i but i empathize with my dad's
jealousy you know thinking I just didn't
even interests it yeah you know there
was another movie called honey Boyer you
were that no yeah this is the original
honey boy a starring Eric Estrada and
Morgan Fairchild the media made him a
star now he had to prove himself and I
don't want it have been wearing this
outfit speaking of that outfit are you
and Kanye West still friends yes yes
because he was he like somewhat famously
went through your closet it was to
gather ideas for he wanted he wouldn't
have taken his quarter gee but he would
maybe maybe something that you don't see
in that maybe maybe who knows he went to
your house and took your clothes or
something right did yes yes why did he
do that we're buddies and he came over
we were doing some art thing and then he
was like hey man you mind if I go look
in your closet I'm like Kanye West you
go wherever you want to go yeah whatever
you wanted any like the stuff and I
guess that's flattering huh really flood
did you know you have with top critics a
hundred percent fresh on Rotten Tomatoes
lower
you read that stuff this one this one
more so because it's it's like not a
review of a movie it's like a review of
my father oh no so so I've been reading
it trying to get ahead of it with my dad
uh-huh it's weird when people are like
the world is reviewing your dad
do you think he'll read that stuff yeah
I guess that's how Donald Trump jr.
feels all the time will he read it all
he'll read all yeah yeah that's like a
peacock you know this is like his big
moment and is he really yes so he's
enthusiastic so enthusiastic yeah I
don't think I would be if I was him yeah
maybe yeah it made me feel a little bit
shut up shame yeah he knows not feeling
that he's not feeling that that's so
interesting what about the chicken so
that your dad worked with the chicken
Henrietta love fowl yes it was the
world's first daredevil chicken uh-huh
and he had a very strong connection with
this bird is like some kind of Dances
with Wolves type type connection very
intimate and spent years with this
chicken in my bathtub and and and and
and I had to like build this connection
with this chicken on set and my dad was
that was the only thing he was very
critical about he's like you're never
ever gonna get the same kind of
connection I had well you're a young man
you've had a long and very strange life
yes and the movies great I wish you the
best I'm glad you're doing so well Shia
LaBeouf everybody
right back if you liked that video click
Subscribe and we'll be together until
one of us dies